I figured out I like to write about 5 years ago when I started writing my personal yearly review in 2020 and then began daily journaling about my life, extending this to my LinkedIn and Twitter activism during those years. I always wrote in physical notebooks and kept losing them as I moved countries and shifted houses, and deactivated and deleted my accounts. I realized that I needed a centralized place to document my thoughts, not for others but primarily for myself, so I can look back and observe my growth as a writer and a human.

What do I like to write about? I am quite active when it comes to politics, primarily regional (Pakistan) but also international geopolitical events. I have my own opinions on social issues and other major topics circulating around the world. I am a software engineer by profession, so there is definitely some commentary on technology, career advice, and corporate experiences. I also enjoy discussing religion, books that I have read, or simply reflecting on life in general.

This platform is my space on the internet to document my thoughts and share my experiences. I don't have any expectations from the platform in terms of getting readers or followers. I am not trying to, or intend to, sell anything, even in the future. It just serves as a repository for my thoughts. I do, however, set high standards for myself and would like to produce quality content every now and then that helps someone out there in some way, because that's the ultimate satisfaction for me in life: knowing that even one person changed his or her life for the better because of me.

I am also a bit scared because nobody reads your opinions on geopolitics and social issues in your personal diary, but with a blog on the internet, anyone can read and form an opinion about you. I don't mind opinions about me, but with cancel culture and all, you do get scared writing your original and unfiltered thoughts. Please know that I am not any famous writer or a celebrity; I am just a common man who has opinions like a common man, and I will try to ensure that I don't sugarcoat my words just to avoid getting into this trouble.

On this platform, you'll encounter a young man navigating life, sharing his experiences, reflections, and perspectives on a variety of subjects as he evolves and adjusts to the world around him. You might encounter opinions that you consider ill-informed or even offensive. Feel free to offer constructive criticism or simply choose not to return. You might also discover ideas that resonate with you, and you're welcome to express your appreciation. I also hope that some of my writings will prove valuable to others, perhaps assisting them in achieving their goals, altering their life trajectory, or simply inspiring them. However, even if this blog remains unread, I will continue to write because the primary goal is not to seek an audience, but to document my journey for my future self.
